## Compare and contrast different types of social engineering techniques.

#### Phishing
	Tricking someone into giving you their email and password through making them believe your a legit entity usually over email.
#### Smishing
	Tricking someone into giving over sms/text message to give you valuable information
#### Vishing
	Tricking someone into giving your valuable information over the phone.
#### Spam
	Unwanted unsolicited ads.
#### Spam over instant Message (SPIM)
	Unwanted unsolicted ads over sms/text
#### Spear Phishing
	Targetting a specific person in an organization to give you valuable information
#### Dumpster Diving
	Searching through the dumpster to find valuable information that may have been thrown away in an organization
#### Shoulder Surfing
	Looking at someones screen while walking by to try and gain information.
#### Pharming
	Redirects you to a different site when entering a certain domain
#### Tailgating
	Unauthorized entry by a certain individual thats not allowed access to said place y following in someone who is authorized to be there.
#### Whaling
	Targgetting CEOS, CFOS, CMOS, etc important people in a company to trick them into giving you important information
#### Prepending
	Adding additional information to the beggining of a security related data string. Done to enhance security and prevent certain types of attacks
#### Reconnaissance
	Gathering information about something or someplace you want to attack. It can be Passive, Including collecting public information about that thing or company, or it could be active, Including actively searching for vulnerabilities.
#### Typosquatting
	This attack registers a domain name similar but not the same to a legit website and tricks the user into going to the wrong website.
#### Pretexting
	An attack where an attacker makes up a fabricated scenario to trick people into giving up sensitive information. The attacker usually poses as a trust worth entity.
#### Principles
	# Authority
		The attacker poses as someone who has authority to gain trust and compliance
	# Intimidation
		The attacker uses scare tactics to entice the victim into compliance.
	# Consnesus
		Attacker creates a perception of general agreement so others may follow suite.
	# Scarcity
		The FOMO of a situation can cause some people to act quickly and not think about
		there doing.
	# Familiarity
		People trust things or people they know, attackers may use familarities to 
		trick people into doing something.
	# Trust
		Attacker exploit relationsships of trust to get what they want.
	# Urgency
		An attacker creating a sense of urgency can prompt people to act quickly without
		assessing the situation.
## 1.2 Given a scenario, analyze potential indicators to determine the type of attack.

#### Malware
	# Ransomware
		Your system gets locked and you need to pay a ransom to get your system back.
	# Trojans
		Downloading something thats not what it seems to be. For example you download a
		pirated video game and you get a virus.
	# Worms
		Virus that can replicate without any human interaction.
	# Potentially unwanted Programs (PUPS)
		Programs that arent inherently malicious behave in a way unwanted by the user.
	# Fileless Virus
		A type of malicious software that operates in a way that doesnt leave alot of
		footprint on the effected system.
	# Command and Control
		Refers to the communication and cordination infrastructure used by attackers to 
		manage and control compromised systems
	# Logic bombs
		Code that doesnt execute until certain conditions are met.
	# Rootkit
		Malware that is embedded into the root of the system.
#### Password Attacks
	# Spraying
		Attackers attempt to get unauthorized access to user accounts 
		by trying different usernames and commonly used passwords
	# Rainbow table
		A precomputed table containing a vast amount of passwords and their
		corresponding hash values.
#### Supply chain attacks
	Instead of directly attacking the target attackers focus on weaker systems provided
	by 3rd Paty vendors.
#### Cryptographic attacks
	# Birthday
		Finding two different inputs that contain the same hash value
	# Collision Attack
		Occurs when two different inputs produce the same hash.
	# Downgrade attack
		Forcing a system to use an older more insecure version so the
		the attackers able to more easily find vulnerabilities
## 1.3 Given a scenario, analyze potential indicators associated with application attacks.

