# Given a scenario, use the appropriate statistics and sensors to ensure network availability.

## Performance Metrics/Sensors

#### Device/Chasis
the physical hardware that houses and supports various components of a computer or network equipment.
#### Bandwidth
The maximum data transfer rate a network connection can support.

## SNMP
#### SNMP Traps
Asynchronous notifications sent by network devices to a network management system
#### Granular
Refers to the level of detail or specificity in monitoring and controlling network elements using SNMP.
#### Verbose
Refers to the the amount of information provided in SNMP messages, like traps or SNMP GET requests.
#### Object Identifiers (OIDS)
A fundamental concept in SNMP that uniquely identify managed objects in the SNMP MIB
#### Management Information Bases (MIBs)
Databases that store information about the configuration and performance of network devices and systems.

## Network Device logs

#### Log Reviews
Examining the records generated by various systems and devices.
#### Traffic Logs
Records of network traffic, both incoming and outgoing.
#### Audit logs
Contain a detailed history of activities and changes within a system.
#### Syslog
A standardized protocol for collecting and forwarding log messages.
## Interface Statistic/status

#### Cyclic Redundancy Checks(CRCs)
A type of error-checking mechanism used in networking. They involve attaching a specific code to data packets for error detection.
#### Protocol packet and byte counts
The number of network packets sent and received on the interface.
The total number of bytes transmitted and received on the interface.

## Interface Errors or alerts
#### Giant
Refer to data packets that exceed the maximum allowed frame size for a particular network technology.
#### Runts
Data packets that are smaller than the minimum frame size required by the network technology.
#### Encapsulation Error
Problem with the layering of network protocols
